Adding MinaPortal to Install a Wallet (#592)
o1-labs/docs2: docs/using-mina/install-a-wallet.mdx

<Subhead>Learn about wallets you can use to send and receive MINA</Subhead>

The Mina community has created a variety of different wallets. You can send
and receive MINA using any of these wallets, currently the Auro Wallet
for Chrome and MinaPortal support interactions with zkApps.

- [Auro Wallet (Chrome, Firefox, iOS, & Android)](https://www.aurowallet.com)
- [Clorio Wallet (Windows, MacOS, Linux, & online)](https://clor.io)
- [Staking Power (iOS & Android)](https://www.staking-power.com)
- [Ledger Hardware Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/mina-wallet) (see [instructions](../using-mina/ledger-hardware-wallet))

> - [MinaPortal (A MetaMask Snap.)](https://minaportal.sotatek.works/) View the [MinaPortal wiki](https://github.com/sotatek-dev/mina-snap/wiki) to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [MinaPortal (A MetaMask Snap)](https://minaportal.sotatek.works/) See the [MinaPortal wiki](https://github.com/sotatek-dev/mina-snap/wiki) to learn more about MetaMask MinaPortal. 
```
